hi I'm Kelly with jelly welcome to my
kitchen
who doesn't love a hot chocolate chip
cookie right out of the oven I sure do
and today I'm going to share with you my
recipe for paleo chocolate chip cookies
in this recipe we're going to use two
cups of blanched superfine almond flour
1 large egg half a teaspoon of vanilla
extract quarter teaspoon of sea salt 1
tablespoon of maple syrup aight del get
more dates half a cup of unsweetened
shredded coconut quarter teaspoon of
cinnamon powder and then of course a
half a cup of dark chocolate chips these
are dairy free and soy free and so we're
just going to go ahead first we're going
to put the dates in the food processor
because they take a little bit to break
up and I like I know a lot of people
like medjool dates I like the dog
and the flavor of the dates is more
buttery so I think when you're not using
dairy in a recipe it's just for me I
like to use that so we're going to start
with that then we're going to dump in
pretty much everything out so let's go
ahead add in the coconut shreds almond
flour sea salt maple syrup
and again maple syrup gifts has almost
like a rich the beat grade has a rich
buttery taste so that's why i use
b-grade versus a grade we're going to
add in the cinnamon we're not adding in
the chocolate chips because it will just
beat them up
okay Zardo see how quick that was set
this over here and now I'm too lazy to
throw this in a separate Bowl I'm just
going to throw the chocolate chips in
here lift the router and then I'm just
gonna kind of mix it in with my spatula
you can easily do that and you know if
you're like no I have to get another
bowl to make dirty go and do it but i'm
too lazy to do that so let's go ahead
and head over here to the baking sheet
what we're going to do is mix and more
of those chocolate chips there's nothing
worse than being the one who gets
chocolate chip cookie with like two
charges just go ahead give it a good
blend then we're going to take the dough
you're just going to roll it up into
about two inch white balls I was growing
up because my mother is Filipino she
didn't make homemade chocolate cookies
very often my mother version of homemade
chocolate chip cookies was often
whatever you do buy at the store rename
that she would just throw in the oven or
once she bought cooked like packaged
cookies and she threw them in the oven
and you know I'm kid I was totally blown
away with that but it wasn't until I
went to a friend's house whose mother
actually made chocolate chip cookies
from scratch that I realized that my
mother needed to make me
chakra took movies it was not there so i
went home and played and played and
complain and blamed about it and she
finally broke down and made chocolate
chip cookies that just goes to show that
nagging will often get with you what you
are we're almost done here I know that
someone commented that they were
surprised there was only one egg in this
recipe and you can see it sticks
together really well and that's because
the dates also acts as a binder and so
you don't need a ton of eggs in the
recipe to get stick together and then
never loose
last one I have extra chocolate chips in
here this is a crime
but it is what it is
what I do is I take a cup and I go ahead
and press the chocolate chip cookie flat
if it's sticking you can wet the bottom
of the cup and that will help
this batch makes
like 12 cookies 13 cookies here but
depending on the size if you want more
cookies you're like you want to make
them smaller make the smaller you'll get
18 cookies I think my cookies big these
aren't going to spread so you don't have
to worry about them being very close to
each other ok so now I'm going to oh man
i'm going to set these in my pre heated
oven set at 350 degrees and let them
bake for 12 to 15 minutes
so the cookies are done I'm surprised
that my son has not run up here
screaming but so these are gonna cookies
are done I definitely passed out my
Cookie Monster genes to that child here
you go again this is super hot do not
not just reach and put this into your
mouth so what I'm going to do is I'm not
going to leave them on the baking sheet
to Cole I'm just gonna spatula moving
over to my cookie rack so they can cool
the reason you don't leave them on the
cookie sheet is because cookie sheet is
hot and it will continue to cook a
cookie if you leave it on there so I'm
just gonna ice on your cookie sheet
looks like I have more cookies in space
so I should really eat some oh the
smells amazing
of course you're going to want to eat
this with a big old glass of milk of
your choice we drink raw milk and there
you have it chocolate chip cookies and
it took less than 30 minutes to make
these so I hope you enjoy them
you